- Well, then, Maiko,
c0000001
how about we walk home?
c0000002
- [gasps]
c0000003
Yeah!
- Wow!
c0000004
That's my big sister!
c0000005
If I work really hard,
c0000006
maybe I'll e able to meet her!
c0000007
- [grunts]
c0000008
[groans]
c0000009
Oh, boy. Would the two of them
c0000010
just hurry up
and make up already?
c0000011
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000012
[The Peggies' "Kimi no sei"]
c0000013
♪ ♪
c0000014
c0000015
♪ ♪
c0000016
[door creaks open]
- I'm home.
c0000017
- You're back late.
c0000018
- I ended up having
to cook a meal,
c0000019
clean, and do some laundry
while I was there.
c0000020
- Is that all?
c0000021
- My take-away from today
is that I need
c0000022
for you guys to make up.
c0000023
That's how I'm really feeling
about all this.
c0000024
- Ah.
c0000025
Time for bed.
- Huh?
c0000026
No reward for going over
to check on
c0000027
your little sister for you?
c0000028
- I have an early
morning meeting
c0000029
to prepare for the gig.
c0000030
- [groans]
c0000031
[shower running over TV]
c0000032
- [humming]
c0000033
[gasps]
Oh, no. The window's open.
c0000034
[both gasping]
c0000035
- [gasping]
c0000036
- An offer for you.
c0000037
How would you like to die?
c0000038
- [screams]
c0000039
- No, this is not
the smile you want!
c0000040
If you're going
to study up on Mai,
c0000041
you should have gone with
something that's more pleasant!
c0000042
- Oh, what am I supposed to do?
c0000043
The retake for the commercial
is already tomorrow
c0000044
and I haven't gotten anywhere
with this!
c0000045
- I don't think anything's going
to change now.
c0000046
- D--Don't say it so bluntly!
c0000047
- Isn't it okay
to not force yourself
c0000048
to do things you can't do?
- [gasps]
c0000049
- Mediocrity is just fine.
c0000050
You're being too greedy
with this.
c0000051
- Are you going home?
c0000052
- If I get back too late,
Mai gets in a bad mood.
c0000053
- Hold on!
- [gasps]
c0000054
- I--it's just...
c0000055
I, uh...
c0000056
Wanna take time relaxing
in the bath.
c0000057
So can you stay here
till I get out?
c0000058
- Huh? I don't get why you'd
need me to stay here.
c0000059
Makes no flippin' sense.
c0000060
Wh--When I'm in the bath
by myself, I--
c0000061
well, sometimes I get this
bad feeling that I hate.
c0000062
- Oh, so you're just afraid.
c0000063
- Don't act all high and mighty!
c0000064
You jumped at that bath scene,
too!
c0000065
- I'll do it if we
can bathe together.
c0000066
- Y--you'd have
to ask my big sister about that.
c0000067
- Right. Let me go get Mai on
the phone, then.
c0000068
- W--wait! Never mind.
c0000069
[groans]
You're the worst!
c0000070
[door opens]
- I'm home.
c0000071
- W--welcome back, big brother.
c0000072
- Huh?
c0000073
- Y--you got back early.
c0000074
- Is this a new game
or something?
c0000075
- I--if you think Kaede
just plays games all
c0000076
the time, you're wrong!
c0000077
Kaede has a lot of things
c0000078
weighing on her mind, too!
c0000079
- What kind of things made
you end up like that?
c0000080
- Big brother, you promise
you won't laugh?
c0000081
- I promise.
c0000082
- What do you think?
c0000083
- [gasps]
It's smells exactly
c0000084
like the closet.
- That's all you have to say?
c0000085
- Huh. You look kinda like
a middle schooler.
c0000086
- O--of course!
c0000087
Kaede's a bona fide
middle school student.
c0000088
And she thinks that her time
is almost here
c0000089
to start putting some
elbow grease into it.
c0000090
Huh?
c0000091
- Just don't push yourself
too hard.
c0000092
- The problem is big brother's
been bringing home more
c0000093
new girls than Kaede
can keep up with lately.
c0000094
Because of this,
Kaede feels like she needs
c0000095
to get her act together.
c0000096
- Hey, I'm back.
c0000097
- Hi. Welcome back, Nodoka.
c0000098
- Your uniform?
c0000099
Nice! So cute!
c0000100
- You really think so?
c0000101
- Yeah.
- [giggles]
c0000102
- Oh, I brought a present.
c0000103
- Thank you so much!
c0000104
[laughing]
c0000105
Ah, it's the teensy bit
fancy pudding!
c0000106
- That's right.
I got these, too.
c0000107
They're tickets to our show.
c0000108
Give one to Nodoka for me.
c0000109
- You could just give it
to her yourself.
c0000110
- The other one's for you
so come and watch it together.
c0000111
Oh, yeah. And I also sent one
to Nodoka's mom.
c0000112
[birds chirping]
c0000113
- And, action!
c0000114
- [exhales]
c0000115
[giggles]
c0000116
- That one was great!
c0000117
Awesome work today.
c0000118
- Thank you so much
for having me.
c0000119
[cheers and applause]
c0000120
[giggles]
c0000121
- It's good that went well, huh?
c0000122
- What are you talking about?
c0000123
It took me 12 takes.
That's pathetic.
c0000124
You know, it's impossible
for me to be like my sister.
c0000125
- Hmm?
- I seriously can't even imagine
c0000126
living under this much pressure
every single day of my life.
c0000127
There's no way.
Oh, man!
c0000128
What do I do?
c0000129
- You can worry about that once
you actually get that famous.
c0000130
- That's not what
I'm talking about, okay?
c0000131
- What do you wanna do, then?
c0000132
To become someone more like Mai?
c0000133
- I'm not sure anymore.
c0000134
I think that's what I wanted in
the past.
c0000135
And now?
c0000136
- [grunts]
c0000137
- Answer it.
c0000138
- Huh?
c0000139
Hello?
- Why are you answering, Sakuta?
c0000140
Oh, well. I had something
to tell you, so it's all right.
c0000141
- Tell me?
c0000142
- Your dad called the home phone
a few minutes ago.
c0000143
I didn't answer but when
the answering machine picked up,
c0000144
he'd asked if you'd meet him
two evenings from now.
c0000145
- Oh, okay. Got it.
c0000146
Thank you for the message.
c0000147
Oh, and the commercial shoot
ended up going really well.
c0000148
It took like 13 takes, though.
c0000149
- 12!
- Good.
c0000150
Tell Nodoka thanks
for taking care of it.
c0000151
See you.
c0000152
[giggles]
c0000153
- Oh, that's right.
c0000154
Mai told me to give this to you.
c0000155
A ticket for that show
at the end of the month.
c0000156
- You know, the first time
I met my sister
c0000157
was at an audition back when I
was a kid.
c0000158
I remember it clearly.
c0000159
- I was just thinking how nice
it'd be to have a little sis.
c0000160
- [gasps]
c0000161
It made me so happy.
c0000162
I mean, my big sister
was so awesome.
c0000163
- Well, Mai has continued
to be just as awesome.
c0000164
- But now that I think of it,
c0000165
I think she was pretty caught
off guard by that.
c0000166
But she still acted just
like she always did.
c0000167
I know I can't be
like big sister,
c0000168
but I can keep working
as an idol.
c0000169
Performing is a lot of fun
and I have fans that
c0000170
are cheering for me.
c0000171
- That's good.
- Mm-hmm.
c0000172
So I'll start by working hard
at being the lead vocal
c0000173
on a song and if I can do that,
c0000174
maybe my mom will start to get
me.
c0000175
Hey, what do you think
about your parents?
c0000176
- Do you know anything about
my family situation?
c0000177
- Yeah.
c0000178
I've heard about most
of it from my sister.
c0000179
I know that your little sister
developed puberty syndrome
c0000180
and your mother was hospitalized
because she wasn't able
c0000181
to accept that fact,
c0000182
and your father had
to stay by her side.
c0000183
- Well, yeah, that would be
the gist of it.
c0000184
In the end they left everything
concerning Kaede all to me.
c0000185
And now we live completely apart
from each other.
c0000186
- And so?
c0000187
How do you feel about them?
c0000188
- Well, they are my parents.
- Huh?
c0000189
There's gotta be a ton
of things you're feeling.
c0000190
Do you love them, hate them?
Do they piss you off? Annoy you?
c0000191
- I guess I'd say all the above.
c0000192
- Hmm.
c0000193
You don't resent them?
c0000194
- Not really.
- Why not?
c0000195
- 'Cause they're my parents.
c0000196
- [gasps]
- Hmm?
c0000197
Is something wrong?
c0000198
- It's my mother.
c0000199
- I need to know
where Nodoka is.
c0000200
This s an important time
for her.
c0000201
I would like her back.
c0000202
- Apologies.
I'm not quite understanding.
c0000203
- She's staying at your place,
isn't she?
c0000204
- She's not. Sorry.
c0000205
- Don't lie to me!
- [gasps]
c0000206
- She's really not here.
c0000207
Would you like to come in
so you can see for yourself?
c0000208
- [gasps]
c0000209
No, that's fine.
c0000210
But if you do hear from her,
c0000211
please tell her
to just come back home.
c0000212
- Been a while, huh?
- It has.
c0000213
How's Mom?
c0000214
- Starting to get better.
c0000215
- I see.
Glad to hear it.
c0000216
So--
- How--
c0000217
[both grunting]
c0000218
H--how's Kaede doing?
c0000219
- When I came back home
the other day,
c0000220
she was wearing her uniform.
- [gasps]
c0000221
- It's still hard for her
to even step outside.
c0000222
But I think Kaede starting
to understand
c0000223
that she can't stay
like this forever.
c0000224
- [grunts]
That's good.
c0000225
- So, question.
- What is it?
c0000226
- How's it feel to be a parent?
c0000227
- [gasps]
Wait.
c0000228
Y--you're not having a--
c0000229
- No, it's not that!
c0000230
I haven't done that stuff.
c0000231
I promise that's not
the reason I was asking.
c0000232
- [exhales sharply]
c0000233
Good, good.
Not yet.
c0000234
Well, one day when you become
a parent yourself,
c0000235
you'll find out how it feels
to be one.
c0000236
- It's hard to imagine
that ever happening.
c0000237
- To be honest,
c0000238
when our first baby was born--
you--
c0000239
your mom and I were
in complete turmoil.
c0000240
There was something new
every day
c0000241
and we worried we'd mess up.
c0000242
One time I was so utterly
exhausted while changing
c0000243
your diaper that I fell asleep
before I was done.
c0000244
- Can you please pick
a less embarrassing story
c0000245
to tell me?
c0000246
Impressive.
c0000247
You guys are pretty popular.
c0000248
- Right now it takes all
we have just to fill
c0000249
a tiny venue like this.
c0000250
- And your mother's here now,
too, right?
c0000251
Somewhere in the crowd?
c0000252
- Probably more towards
the front.
c0000253
- Oh.
c0000254
[crowd cheering]
[gasps]
c0000255
[upbeat music playing]
c0000256
♪ ♪
c0000257
all: Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey!
c0000258
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey...
c0000259
[upbeat music playing]
c0000260
♪ ♪
c0000261
[crowd cheering]
c0000262
- Wow.
c0000263
- Good evening!
c0000264
all: We are Sweet Bullet!
c0000265
- Toyohama, don't you go
by Doka?
c0000266
Should I cheer for you that way?
- You don't need to!
c0000267
- Huh? But idols
don't get sweaty!
c0000268
- You're drenched, though.
c0000269
- But after our shows you say,
c0000270
"Aww, I sweat through
my undies."
c0000271
Like, all the time.
- [gasps]
c0000272
But idols don't wear undies,
though!
c0000273
- What? You're not wearing them?
c0000274
[crowd cheering]
- [gasps]
c0000275
No, that's not the point!
c0000276
Idols don't sweat!
- Then what's that?
c0000277
- This is, you know,
some random juice or something!
c0000278
- If we keep going like this,
c0000279
I fear she'll say something
that could be fatal
c0000280
to an idol's career.
c0000281
[crowd laughing]
c0000282
All right!
Onto the next song.
c0000283
"Baby!"
[crowd cheering]
c0000284
all: ♪ I wanna kiss you
love me baby ♪
c0000285
♪ I wanna kiss you
love me baby ♪
c0000286
[upbeat music playing]
c0000287
all: Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey!
c0000288
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey!
c0000289
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000290
♪ ♪
c0000291
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000292
♪ ♪
c0000293
[microphone squeals]
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000294
- [gasps]
c0000295
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000296
♪ ♪
c0000297
[crowd cheering]
c0000298
♪ ♪
c0000299
all: ♪ Kiss you love me baby ♪
c0000300
[all singing in Japanese]
c0000301
- Big sis is amazing.
c0000302
- And now get ready.
c0000303
In typical Sweet Bullet fashio,
c0000304
it's time to announce the center
for the next single!
c0000305
Yeah, put your hands together!
c0000306
Wait, since I'm in charge
of making the announcement,
c0000307
that means I'm out
of the running this time.
c0000308
- Maybe you get to announce
yourself, Suki!
c0000309
Who knows?
c0000310
- Well, let's do this thing!
c0000311
Here's the result.
c0000312
[drum roll plays]
c0000313
The center n our next single
will be...
c0000314
Doka!
- [gasps]
c0000315
Huh?
[crowd cheering]
c0000316
- You did it!
- Congrats!
c0000317
[laughing]
- Aww, thank you!
c0000318
I'll do my best to make
my group mates and all
c0000319
of you proud!
c0000320
[crowd cheering]
c0000321
- Man, that was so fun.
c0000322
I didn't used to understand
the obsession with idols
c0000323
but after that I kinda get it!
c0000324
[grunts]
c0000325
Why are they in line?
- [grunts]
c0000326
That.
- [grunts]
c0000327
- Yay!
- Yeah!
c0000328
- Yay!
- I'm so glad.
c0000329
You really did it.
c0000330
I'm so happy for you.
c0000331
You worked so hard.
c0000332
My mother was actually smiling.
c0000333
- It's normal for people
to smile every so often.
c0000334
- Not her.
c0000335
She's never made
a face like that with me.
c0000336
That just solidifies
what I thought.
c0000337
She'll always win.
c0000338
My mother would rather
have my sister instead.
c0000339
I don't wanna go home.
- Huh?
c0000340
- The beach sounds good.
c0000341
- [exhales sharply]
c0000342
All right.
Just for a bit.
c0000343
[grunts]
c0000344
Hey!
c0000345
[breathing heavily]
c0000346
Knock it off!
- Let go!
c0000347
It's clear to me that there's
no reason for me
c0000348
to be here anymore!
- Toyohama!
c0000349
[both breathing heavily]
c0000350
The hell are you doing?
- I've had enough of this!
c0000351
- Huh? No way you have!
- Let go!
c0000352
Let go of me, you idiot!
- Who's the idiot, now?
c0000353
- This has nothing
to do with you!
c0000354
- Then don't use such a cruel
and unfair tactic to test me!
c0000355
Only an idiot goes into
c0000356
the ocean assuming they'll
be saved!
c0000357
- [grunts]
Shut up!
c0000358
You're only here at all because
you care about my big sister!
c0000359
- That's right! Because
if something happened to you,
c0000360
it would make Mai sad!
- That isn't true!
c0000361
- Yes, it is!
c0000362
There's not a doubt in my mind
c0000363
she'd be heartbroken over you!
c0000364
- She said she hated me
to my face!
c0000365
- And that was the lie!
- [gasps]
c0000366
Where's the proof?
c0000367
- Fine, then.
I'm gonna show you.
c0000368
- You shouldn't be doin' that.
c0000369
Swimming's prohibited in
this area, you know.
c0000370
-
What is this?
c0000371
- You'll see when you open it.
- Annoying.
c0000372
[gasps]
c0000373
These are all letters I wrote.
c0000374
Why?
c0000375
I don't get it.
c0000376
But I...
c0000377
How come?
c0000378
- Because she was happy
to receive them, obviously.
c0000379
She treasured all the letters
that you sent.
c0000380
Why would someone who hates you
go through the trouble
c0000381
to do this?
- But I'm not even...
c0000382
[whimpers]
c0000383
A real little sister.
c0000384
- What do you even mean?
c0000385
- Back when I wrote these,
c0000386
I didn't know that my big sister
and I had different mothers
c0000387
and what it meant
for our situation.
c0000388
And when I figured it out,
c0000389
I felt anxious about it all
the time.
c0000390
I figured that I must have
been nothing but a nuisance
c0000391
to her all along.
c0000392
And I couldn't write
those letters anymore!
c0000393
- So that's what she thinks.
c0000394
But what do you think of it,
Mai?
c0000395
- Huh?
c0000396
- Don't look through people's
treasures without asking first.
c0000397
- But why?
c0000398
Big sis.
c0000399
- Back then all I remember
is that I had so much on
c0000400
my plate,
it made me dizzy.
c0000401
All I did after getting home
was sleep.
c0000402
I didn't even have time to watch
the shows I was appearing in.
c0000403
- Sure, I got complimented all
the time but all I could think
c0000404
was, "Who are these people?"
c0000405
You were completely different,
though, Nodoka.
c0000406
When you were introduced
as my kid sister,
c0000407
I had no idea how to feel.
c0000408
But then you'd send
these letters to me,
c0000409
telling me, "Good job,"
or just saying that I'm awesome.
c0000410
And each one gave me courage.
c0000411
I felt as long
as it would make you happy,
c0000412
I could keep working hard.
c0000413
And because of that,
c0000414
I came to truly
like doing my job.
c0000415
So Nodoka,
thanks for that.
c0000416
- [gasps]
c0000417
- And for being
my little sister.
c0000418
I thank you.
c0000419
- [whimpering]
c0000420
Oh, big sis, I...
c0000421
No, you're not being fair!
c0000422
The damage
has already been done.
c0000423
It's too late!
[whimpers]
c0000424
I was really trying
to do my best.
c0000425
But why do you get to be
the lead vocal on
c0000426
a song before me?
c0000427
And why do you get to be praised
by my mother before me?
c0000428
- Because I put the practice in.
c0000429
I kept practicing
every single day.
c0000430
- That's what I'm talking about!
c0000431
No matter how hard something is,
you do what you need to do,
c0000432
and if you can't do it,
you take full ownership!
c0000433
You're awesome like that
and I hate it!
c0000434
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
c0000435
- [groaning]
c0000436
That hurt!
Why'd you hit me?
c0000437
- Sorry.
c0000438
I couldn't take how much
of a brat she was being.
c0000439
My anger flared up.
c0000440
I'm pretty sure you hit
c0000441
the wrong person, though.
c0000442
- She has a magazine
shoot tomorrow, right?
c0000443
What'll she do if I leave
a mark?
c0000444
- It's stuff like that, too.
[both grunting]
c0000445
Your level of professionalism
is just way too high!
c0000446
I can't even compete!
c0000447
It's impossible for me.
c0000448
- Nodoka.
c0000449
When the concert ended,
c0000450
you saw your mother in line
for high fives, right?
c0000451
When it was her turn,
c0000452
she held my hand and I noticed
it was trembling.
c0000453
I think she was feeling
really anxious until now.
c0000454
- Anxious?
c0000455
-
She's been watching you
do everything you can
c0000456
to meet the expectations
she set.
c0000457
So she was worried about whether
or not you
c0000458
were actually happy all along.
c0000459
- But she's never said that
to me.
c0000460
I don't understand.
c0000461
- I mean, no matter
how anxious they are,
c0000462
a parent could never share
that with their kid.
c0000463
- But I just...
c0000464
I wanted...
c0000465
My mother was always mad
and all I wanted
c0000466
was for her to just be happy!
c0000467
She always talked about
how great you were
c0000468
so I wanted her to give me
the same grace for once!
c0000469
I just wanted my mother
to smile at me!
c0000470
[gasps]
- Nodoka. From now on,
c0000471
make her happy with something
you choose for yourself.
c0000472
Not just the things she
tells you you should do.
c0000473
- Mm-hmm.
c0000474
[whimpers]
c0000475
Yeah.
c0000476
[crying]
c0000477
Sorry!
I'm so sorry, Mom!
c0000478
I didn't mean to!
c0000479
Hey, big sis?
c0000480
- Yes?
c0000481
- I don't--I don't have to be
exactly like you, do I?
c0000482
- No, but you can be
if you really want to be.
c0000483
- I don't.
c0000484
- [chuckles]
c0000485
[crackling]
c0000486
- [gasps]
c0000487
Huh?
c0000488
- Uh, what just--
- We went back?
c0000489
- Yeah.
c0000490
Did we?
c0000491
- We did it!
Sis, we're really back!
c0000492
- Nodoka, I'm so glad!
c0000493
- [stammers]
[both laughing]
c0000494
[exhales sharply]
c0000495
This means I can finally flirt
with my girlfriend again.
c0000496
- Big sis!
- Aww, don't cry.
c0000497
- In the end I wonder
what triggered all of it.
c0000498
- Starting from the beginning
it wasn't
c0000499
that their personas swapped,
right?
c0000500
- Yeah, I guess so.
c0000501
It was more like only
their appearances changed.
c0000502
- The little sister's
subconscious thoughts--
c0000503
that she wants to be or has
to be like her big sister--
c0000504
are likely what transformed
her outward appearance
c0000505
into that of Mai Sakurajima.
c0000506
- Probably, yeah.
c0000507
But how do you explain that?
c0000508
- If you're asking about
the principle,
c0000509
it's probably fair to assume
it's a type
c0000510
of quantum teleportation.
c0000511
- Ah. Gorillas
are exceptionally smart, yeah?
c0000512
- In other words,
c0000513
Sakurajima's little sister took
the blueprints
c0000514
for her big sister's
physical body
c0000515
and applied it to herself,
c0000516
and by observing it she was able
to assume
c0000517
and be perceived in
the physical role of her sister.
c0000518
- Then why did Mai look like
Toyohama as well?
c0000519
- Could be the feeling
was mutual.
c0000520
Have you ever considered
the possibility
c0000521
that Sakurajima might also be
the slightest bit jealous
c0000522
of her little sister?
c0000523
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000524
["Fukashigi no Carte" plays]
c0000525
♪ ♪
c0000526
- Hmm.
c0000527
[grunts]
c0000528
[doorbell rings]
c0000529
- The door's unlocked.
Come in.
c0000530
- Then I'll let myself in now.
Huh?
c0000531
Why are you here, Toyohama?
c0000532
- Because as of today
I'll be living here.
c0000533
- I thought you just fixed
the problems you
c0000534
had with your mom.
c0000535
- We had another fight
after that.
c0000536
Being told what
to do constantly's
c0000537
the worst, you know?
c0000538
- What do you mean, you know?
c0000539
And you're okay with this, Mai?
c0000540
- Oh, sorry.
Got a call from my agency.
c0000541
Hi. Thanks for your hard work.
c0000542
- I explained it to big sis
and she asked me
c0000543
if I wanted to stay at her place
for a little while.
c0000544
And also, thank you.
- Huh?
c0000545
- Big sis said I should give you
a proper thanks.
c0000546
I made a whole lot of trouble
for you and you saved me.
c0000547
- Nah, it's fine.
c0000548
For me it was about getting
to flirt with Mai again
c0000549
as soon as possible.
c0000550
- [laughing]
c0000551
I might understand it a
tiny bit now.
c0000552
- Huh?
- Why my sister might end up
c0000553
choosing someone like you.
c0000554
[giggles]
- [grunts]
c0000555
- I'm terribly sorry about tha.
- [gasps]
c0000556
- Yes, I realize I'm
making trouble for you.
c0000557
Yes.
- Mm?
c0000558
- Is something the matter?
c0000559
- I think we have a new problem
on our hands.
c0000560
- Oh, Sakuta.
You're such a rascal.